yeah one thing she wasn't like you might
go in there a ban then I'm Jane oleate
now for Yankee with one eyes hey guys
the CB radio magazine calm and somebody
had a question about the frequency band
and changing around on the new President
Grant to to navigate from one band to
the other you do have to hold in and the
F button you hold this in you can switch
to the next band now someone said to me
well they prefer the old-style radio
where you had just a switch that would
flip between all the bands they said oh
that seems easier than trying to go back
and forth
well one actually easy way to do this
that I found is by using the memory
frequencies the memory frequencies on
this radio saves the mode and the
frequency so what you can do is
initially you'll have to navigate and
save the frequencies in each band so in
the a band which is your standard CB
band you need to save say do memory make
sure your lower sideband 38 then you
save that to the memory one location and
you can see the M one up there then say
you want to do free band 27 555 you
would set the memory and the second M 2
and then the same thing for say the ham
radio band so the end result is right
now we're on band a and we can flip
around you can do memory M 2 we've
switched up now we're in the free band
and let's say you want to go up to ham
radio van there you go up to 10 meters
so that is a pretty quick way to do it
so if you've got five different memory
frequencies you could save in in most
cases most people would only be in
either a band down from the CB beyond or
possibly in the CB band and the free
band and a 10 meter band so those
probably only you only need the four
memory channels really to get you if
you're going to use this method to
quickly flip between the other cool
thing is once you do this and you enter
that mode
we can also go into the scan function
oops let me there
turn up the squelch and we should be
able to start scanning if I held that
incorrectly there we go all right so
right now it's scanning through band a
but actually if we hit memory now it's
scanning through the different bands you
can see scanning a ban B band and F band
so it's scanning 38:5 it's scanning up
in the free band so cool all right all
right
anyway that's so we got going on I just
want to show you guys some of that to
answer the questions about how easy it
is to flip between the bands on this
radio with the memory frequencies makes
it really easy so keep one's coming and
we'll keep trying to answer and get more
information on this radio out thanks
guys